All right, all right, I think wait test test. Yep. Okay. I think that I've got
it working
What I'm gonna do here is I turn off the screen record audio
So you guys are just gonna listen to it through my mic. All right, let's get
going
I wonder if it didn't eat damage, but it's hard to tell cuz it's just like who
I ended up being so like you don't really know
If there's damage I always think about that as well
I feel like smoking a lot of Zazza
Not as it makes you smarter over the long term because you always come to some
crossroads
I think you made a video a while back talking about like when you quit for a
little bit that period when you stopped
You probably like had some sort of enlightening when you quit you get like a
new high you haven't been sobering so
And it feels like you're high and that's why I started using the quitting weed
app
so that that would be an example of you know a place where
content about
Smoking too much weed is very popular and so I'm sure that they're quitting
weed apps that already exist
But like any time I watch a piece of content like that
I'm like what's the hook at the very end where you plug it in some piece of
software?
Colin actually very cool and then daddy well in this guy interviewing him
I'm going on his podcast in a few days. All right, let's keep going take a look
at this
Um, you know there you could probably like when I look at that
I'm like I'm thinking like okay in the bio
So this is from a creator who like he probably sells his own course or whatever
But this sort of content often does well. I'm like okay in the bio there you
could have some sort of call to action of like
So I know Sebastian George who runs this
This this can I guess somewhat consumer somewhat B2B app where you can create
automatic Shopify templates, right?
This is promoting ecommerce given the caption like go download or
integrate this Chrome extension or whatever sort of form factor that app takes
you could easily integrate that right here
Hmm
Summer 25 bash
Yeah
Acne pimples dry skin red spots we've all dealt with some version of it and
most dermatologists are going to give you a topical fix
Well, it does help treat the issue. It doesn't actually solve it. Trust me
I'd know about my skincare videos in reality the core problem was in your diet
And that's why I'm watching a new supplement called be clear right now
We're in formula testing and I wonder if the final good end you guys prefer a
powder
You can mix a drink or a daily pill would you want to just target breakouts?
Also focus on dryness and overall though
I can always include skin supporting at the oxen's like vitamin C
The thing for healing them so this is this is part of the looks maxing niche
talking about skincare
I think there's actually an app that's been doing pretty well recently called
prove it where you can scan
Supplements and see how high quality they are and so this is obviously you know
this is from K
Xiaomi a send laboratories his new brand doing supplements, but you know here I
would probably like
This content obviously does well and traditionally has been doing well for a
while
Which content you know in the looks maxing each you know get better skin
whatever
So something in the range of like maybe a cross between like a calai
X sort of prove it slash yuka supplement or excuse me yuka food scanner
Where you have an application where you take a picture of food specifically
designed for people with bad skin or even like looks maxing right?
We scan supplements scan the food that you're eating and then get exercise
recommendations
To help you become more attractive
Let's keep going
So
Trading apps are becoming somewhat popular sort of like a
chart analysis and whatnot so any sort of account anytime I see an account like
this
If you're looking for an idea
you can find the sort of niche which is like
trading slash
FinTech advice and then work backwards and you're like okay
what are the problems that these people face?
So you could pretty easily build a product that provides like history and
context on different coins stocks whatever it may be
Before you trade and actually purchase now
I don't know whether or not you would need to offer trading for that product to
work as well, but just an idea
As you can see my contents very very much so like you know bro
fitness entrepreneur
As you earn money by rating AI responses and it's all thanks to a tool that
gives you free access to the 500 of the world's best
AI models that actually pays you to use them
It's called a yep AI
Let's you compare results from models like chat GPT and Claude and Gemini all
in one place
You just give it a prompt and when you compare and break the different AI
responses
You get credits that can be ready for actual real cash
So not only is it completely free, but you also get to use top-dam models like
Brock and Gemini at the same time
Well, they're earning up to 50 bucks a month just for getting your feedback
want to try it for yourself
Just come at the app and I'll send you this is interesting
I mean
Another example of a very quickly rising industry to build around we go back to
this sort of like course case studies
Success like AI from what I've seen the the AI tools that do best are
Or rather I should say that like learn to use AI style tools that that do best
are ones that
Are in the mix of sort of career progression?
education now this one
You know this guy is a great example of a creator that you can kind of build
around
um
So I think that that's pretty interesting
Let's see this is the best fucking time ever start a company
But part of the reason it's the best is because the round is shaking and it's
true. There are a lot all right this messaging
Another good framework here find messaging that is becoming increasingly
popular on social media
And then work backwards from there to like what's the idea that you build
around it
Or what's the the product that you build around that? So this was one of my
plans with 10x
Unfortunately, I just don't think 10x had the correct product UX as well as
there were other sort of a few extraneous variables that made that company hard
to scale
but um
You can see that anything about sort of like AI tools gets people up in arms
this person commented misused AI skills are dangerous
For humanity this person is talking about he's talking about how the AI tools
are good for himself
Don't worry. There's nothing left for us to do
So fear mongering within the AI niche
Like AI is going to take your job
Figure out how to build a tool to prevent that from happening or to um
Or to to help the person take other people's a job is even right? That's like
these n8 n agents
Which are like create these workflow automations
um to kind of outsource and displace
uh traditional human labor
Okay, I've got an idea actually I think I've mentioned this idea in the past
nobody has really executed on it
You gotta blur that you guys can't see what i'm looking at okay. This guy has
been ripping recently
A good sign that um a creator is doing really well as well as they are
operating within an up and coming space
Becoming increasingly popular is when they have and they generate a lot of
views relative to their followers
60 000 followers on instagram doing a couple hundred thousand views of video is
extremely impressive
Now uh this guy and draw jennick. I think that's it andro jennick
one of those two um he talks about steroids. Okay, so let's uh let's watch one
of these videos
I can't volume
What the fuck
Um, let me make this a little bit smaller real quick so I can turn on volume
Tagistic play or to be this term is used to describe a gene that is
advantageous to your other left and dis advantageous in lay life
Of vice versa. How this relates to being natural or has is that most gene
variants only provide advantage either early or late in life or both
For example log cavity genes such as fox or three so one will reduce okay
I'm not gonna spend too much time watching this, but i'll give you guys the
background on this rising industry
It's funny. I I somewhat experienced this myself in seeing it firsthand in high
school about half of my friends took steroids
um
Now what are what are the big macro factors at play here?
Melto stoshrone is rapidly decreasing or has been rapidly decreasing over the
past century
Uh due to things like micro plastics low food quality contaminated water
amongst other things
Now a high proportion of people are pushing back against this by taking
steroids
uh another uh sort of tailwind here is
People more than ever want to be and feel I should say guys more than ever want
to be and do feel masculine
um
So how do we build a product around this well one there's a lot of opportunity?
I think for building a product that helps people take steroids and provides
advice to help them do it more safely
I personally don't want to be on the end of pushing uh and making steroids more
accessible
I would not encourage that individuals build that but there is opportunity
there
Now when I see one of these niches, this is kind of what I did with looks max
ing
I'm like, okay, this is the tailwind. How do we build a product around this
that pushes people in a positive direction?
So
I think that there's massive opportunity to build a product that helps people
naturally maximize their testosterone
You have them input what they are currently doing
exercise nutrition sleep whatever it may be
And then you develop a custom routine as well as habit tracking for them do
help them increase their testosterone
Um, I would do this somewhat in the range of like umax slash these daily habit
trackers
um
slash like
Maybe like the inverse of quitter where you have like uh, it's all about your
sort of like streak
Where quitter is all about like staying away from pouring this could be all
about
I guess this is just what habit trackers are but keeping your streak of
Of engaging in these testosterone optimization practices
Now even beyond that, I think there's a lot of opportunity to build a holistic
health optimizer
So as you can see like when I go through reels, it's not overly structured
I'm just going through using this to get my creative juices flowing
and
Even like with that guy androgynik, I had seen that he was
uh
garnering a really cult a massive cult like or I shouldn't say massive but a
very strong cult like following on social media
And then I kind of start to work backwards, right?
You identify the things that people are interested in and then you can kind of
work backwards and figure out okay
What they're interested in this because they have this subset of problems now
How can I solve that inside a consumer application?
All right, that's be good for instagram. Let's uh, let's move on over to tick
tock
That as soon as the bar slows down one or two months later falls on
Yeah, that was surprising
Because I'll be like look like it's an easy switch in the world
and the moment I struggle with stuff that's because
You have a high portion of fast which must be 5% of the average person
Which is why you could be a leader in the NFL. It means that your fibers can
rate a fatigue
um, all right, this is tnf head of
I say head essentially the leader of uh
hypertrophy maximization tick tock
Building more muscle right he he's he is
uh the key opinion leader
very intelligent guy
um, if you go back to one of I think it was my
I don't know this fucking one of these earlier lessons. I spoke about the idea
that I had and started to build
uh about
a workout optimization application
I think that there is massive opportunity there. Nobody's got it right if you
deeply understand
um weightlifting and hypertrophy maximization
Uh, and you can actually develop and you also have to have uh, relatively
extensive ML knowledge here
You can build an extremely effective recommendation product
chat chppt will will absolutely not suffice
but uh, you know, AI models could help with the data labeling side of things
which is uh,
non trivial for something like this
By the way by data labeling i'm referring to um
essentially like uh the the
Values that you assign to the different um, you know
Uh variables that correspond to each individual lift right so for bench. I
might assign 1.0
Uh hypertrophy stimulus to my chest and maybe 0.5 to my front delts and 0.5 to
my triceps
And then the overall fatigue load out of 10 might be in 8
All right, maybe 7
Uh, whereas squat right it's it's going to be uh largely
quads glutes and some hamstrings and then fatigue load might be 9 or 10
um, and then tricep extension, uh, you know, uh, tricep
Stimulus would be a 1.0 and then you know one out of one and then um, the
Uh, uh, fatigue stimulus would be somewhere in the range of like a four three
whatever
so
Okay onward
Now based off of the sheer amount of people who told you to watch it
Another killer idea nik fwenta's absolutely fucking ripping right now. He's
taking over
um
I mean honestly like short form
Ruh like political right content whatever on the flip side you've got guys like
on a like dean withers, maybe
Harry fucking something
Sisson, um
I don't know anyone that's built a popular single player
Uh ai politics app massive opportunity there, right?
I I briefly built a software that I I never I just built like the back end
skeleton where I scraped the rss
feeds of all the popular news websites
And I would generate unbiased reports based on the most
Uh controversial popular stories
Now you could build an ai app that doesn't like that feeds people, you know,
you'd have to do it in a legal way
I don't think that was actually it would have been would not have been legal if
I commercialized that so
Do your own legal research?
Uh, but then maybe you have that and you have like a different personality
political test that sort of thing
And then the amount of people who told me that
Oh hi there, my name's Aaron Hill and I'm the god
Everything
I don't yeah, I don't really know what's going on here. I don't know why there
are women on my for you page
My therapist helped me rela. Oh, I think it's more nature than people would
like to
No matter how rich I get there's one thing I will show that Jimmy. That's my
boy. This is basically super
Alex you bank we love Alex Alex as a calai influencer
I don't I don't know why there's all this Nick but point is on my for you page
I love you as people and if anyone is gonna you don't get mad about that
Although, you know, I do think Nick is a is an interesting guy and I I like
listening to him
Not a touchdown. Hey, honey. Why don't we just go get some puddle cakes? No
funnel cakes bear
Not a
You
Don't have to be
I got a job with
Hey guys
Where's it coming from?
Diabolical things I wanted a man number one hiked my man's gotta be above 6 -
my last two boyfriends were 6 3
Both of them and they were jacked and they looked really good. How am I
supposed to downgrade from that?
So unfortunately my next man will have to be 6 - and up number two
You can't have a bet. I need you build. I all right
All right, you ready?
Number two. I need you to be fit blah blah blah blah blah. Number three
Number three he needs to be emotionally intelligent
My friend literally just sent me this app where you can actually do like
emotional intelligence tests with your boyfriend without them even realizing
That it's an emotional intelligence test and then and then
But you see like
That's a good fucking hook, you know
um
Find the content
Figure out how to build a product around it like this shit always rips girls
just fucking man and in
I love girls don't get me wrong, but um
Find girl content mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. And then insert the product in
number three
um
I'm sure they'll speak about this in distribution, but there there are like
hard strong hooks where
Where you know you you want to hit first couple seconds of the video
and then there are uh
You know more natural hooks where you draw the person in and then we've been
realized what's going on
You know, it's a fish you cast the line fucking fish gets the worm. He's like,
oh shit
You know, I'm chill it. I'm I'm eating good and you start pulling him in. He's
like, wait, what's going on?
He doesn't there's really no the fuck stuff
And then you fucking hook him. Oh
Right, that's what you do in these videos you get him going and then you
integrate the um
The the promo so that's that's one style
You fit and go into the gym multiple times a week. I'm sorry like I'm just not
gonna need a fat guy
If I'm a salary cap to make corporate, what is your 100k salary?
No, we're good. I need you in a career. That is I'm just still watching this
because I want to see if there's a
Going to make a plug. I am a lover of luxury. I like expensive things. I like
expensive vacations
So will you if you're my man, so we need a career that can support that number
four whenever we travel
He's gotta be flying his business. The other I get salary. She's not really
impressed when I hear something
Really big or a detective. I get there's no there's no product
I don't I don't know why they're girls shaking ass on my for you page. We uh,
we don't watch that
Welcome to the world
Yes, I if the real reason for the current state of black communities is stop
buying
Do you think you look older than 19? Yes. Yeah, and you think testosterone
This is clavicular friends with the guy that I mentioned earlier and drajanik
And sanicruz medicinal sanicruz and I used to be friends
He's mad at me now because I think that he thinks I was talking shit. I wasn't
but you know
It's all right
Uh anyways clavicular, uh is also part of the whole androgynik like uh teenage
testosterone optimization movement
Once again, I'm not a fan of
He does steroids specifically pushes steroids teenagers
I don't fuck with pushing steroids to people but what I do fuck with is helping
people get healthier
um, so he would be another good guy to to uh
Consume his content if you want to understand this sort of like new wave
um
You know this it's almost like an offshoot of looks maxing into uh hormone
optimization
I got such a fire fucking ad
I got such a fire
It's a shame. I really do
Dear basketball from the moment I started rolling my
I
Yo there they are together the two guys that I mentioned
Evicular and androgynik that's hilarious
If you are thinking of working with that fun
zen
And I checked and apparently the ironman world championship is 33 days away
uh endurance training application
In my understanding most of these apps are like individual right now or
fragmented
So you got like a strava obviously for for planning your your runs whereas, um,
you know
Runna helps you with uh run training plans
I'm uncertain of the state of this but I currently use chat chp t to plan
My ironman training honestly, we'll see if I have enough time to actually put
towards it. It's in about three months now
Um
But luke hop life
awesome dude, um, you know
Ironman training hybrid athlete influencer guy
A lot of opportunity to build a hybrid hybrid training application and market
it with guys like him
Clean your
All right, that shit's crazy bra
I think I've told you guys before that sometimes you get emergence capabilities
in large language models as one of their signature things
Translation was an immersion capability in large language models. We didn't
care how they could translate emergence
He is like one of the most interesting concepts
They just were a certain scale and they had enough language data and they just
could do it very very very well
Now we have a new emotional capability
This is an images and movies
Vale three vio three what up pussy can take
And that's how much likes that you take on too much
You can use my letter. I'm filming by the way. You say hi
I
I don't this guy's too fucking boring, but like a I creators always interesting
dudes to work with
Your competitor. All right. All right. All right. Yeah, fuck it. Well, I'm on
that and I'm on some hot girl doing some shit. Okay
That's uh
That's probably enough of me scrolling
I'd encourage and I think that there will be an assignment about this scroll
through come up with ideas as you scroll
Um for me. It's obviously like my for you page and the ideas that I think of
are very
Confined within the realm of self improvement, right? This is just me. This is
who I am
Sure every individual watching this has different things that they deeply
understand and deeply care about
For some of y'all it might be teaching people how to code and making a new wave
AI
Coding tutor that you can use on your phone in your free time for teenagers for
other people
You know, it might be it might be female mental health
Um, I don't know what the things that you care about are the things that you
have particular interest in
But use social media to identify the content that is already doing well
Um, and then once you have your idea, which I didn't do here
But if you have a specific idea in mind then curate your your entire for you
page around that if it is not already curated around it
This is very very very very important
As you come to your the conclusion of your idea
If you're a for you page is not already all that content
It should consume your entire for you page
Right now you see like I have a little bit of random looks maxing stuff here
and there because that was a big part of my life in the past
But when I was building you max
Every single fucking video
Every single one was looks maxing content when I was building riz gpt
Every single piece of content was riz content when I was building calai
Um at the in the early days every single piece of content was calorie tracking
content
So either curate your current for you pages to hit it or create new accounts to
to build around it
All right, that's enough
For this lesson
Um in the next lesson we will go over reddit and x.com